Update window function docs (#17694)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

- Applies to hint [SET_VAR](/optimizer-hints.md#set_varvar_namevar_value): No
- Type: Boolean
- Default value: `ON`

> - This variable is used to control whether to enable the support for [window functions](/functions-and-operators/window-functions.md). Note that window functions may use reserved keywords. This might cause SQL statements that could be executed normally cannot be parsed after upgrading TiDB. In this case, you can set `tidb_enable_window_function` to `OFF`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable is used to control whether to enable the support for [window functions](/functions-and-operators/window-functions.md). Note that window functions might use reserved keywords. This might cause SQL statements that can be executed normally to fail to be parsed after upgrading TiDB. In this case, you can set `tidb_enable_window_function` to `OFF`.
```
